c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests.pdb
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\GogoKit.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\HalKit.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Tavis.UriTemplates.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\ViaGoGo - CD.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\ViaGoGo - CD.pdb
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\GogoKit.xml
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\HalKit.xml
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Tavis.UriTemplates.pdb
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\obj\Debug\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests.csproj.App.config
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\obj\Debug\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\obj\Debug\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests.dll
c:\users\ibm_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo - CD\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests\obj\Debug\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\GogoKit.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\HalKit.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Tavis.UriTemplates.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\ViaGoGo - CD.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\ViaGoGo - CD.pdb
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\GogoKit.xml
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\HalKit.xml
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Tavis.UriTemplates.pdb
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\obj\Debug\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\obj\Debug\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\obj\Debug\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests.dll
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\obj\Debug\ViaGoGo - CD.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\IBM_ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ViaGoGo.CD\ViaGoGo.CD.Tests\bin\Debug\Web.Optimization.dll
